Update User Guide - MapStore Rule Manager (#11780)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/rule-manager.md

# Managing Access Rules

*******************

> In [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/), the **Rules Manager** is an administrative tool designed to manage [GeoFence](https://docs.geoserver.org/main/en/user/extensions/geofence/index.html) providing a security control method for restricting access to [GeoServer](https://geoserver.org/) *Workspaces*, *Layers* and *Services* restrictions. Admin users can create and assign one or more rules to grant access to a specific *User*, user group (*Role*) and *IP Range*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [MapStore](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/#/), the **Rules Manager** is an administrative tool designed to manage [GeoFence](https://docs.geoserver.org/main/en/user/extensions/geofence/index.html) authorization rules on data published in GeoServer by providing a security control method for restricting access to [GeoServer](https://geoserver.org/) *Workspaces*, *Layers* and/or *Services*. Admin users can create and assign one or more authorization rule to allow or deny access to a specific *User*, *Group of users*, *IP Range* and more, with an high level of granularity.
```

As an admin user, it is possible to manage **Rules** and **GeoServer Instances** by selecting the **Managing Access Rules** option from the <img src="../img/button/logged.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button on the [Homepage](home-page.md#home-page):

<img src="../img/rule-manager/rule-manager.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

!!! Warning
    The Rules Manager must be installed via the [plugin configuration](https://mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/mapstore/docs/api/plugins#pages.RulesManager) to be available in the MapStore UI.

## Manage Rules

The *Rules Manager* page opens on the **Rules** tab, where the admin user can view all the available rules:

<img src="../img/rule-manager/rule-manager-panel.jpg" class="ms-docimage" />

To **Add a Rule**, the user can click the <img src="../img/button/++++.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button. A panel will open, allowing the user to create a new rule by providing the following information:

<img src="../img/rule-manager/add-rule.jpg" class="ms-docimage" />

* Select the **GS Instance**: choose from the available GeoServer instances

!!! Warning

>     The *GS Instance* option is available if more than one instance is configured, see the [GeoServer Instances](rule-manager.md#geoserver-instances) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The *GS Instance* option is available if more than one instance is configured, see the [GeoServer Instances](rule-manager.md#geoserver-instances) section.
    
    To make the Rule Manager working it is necessary to have the [MapStore/GeoServer user integration](developer-guide/integrations/geoserver.md) properly setup in one of the available methods (see also the Users integration section such as [LDAP/AD](developer-guide/integrations/users/ldap.md), [OIDC](developer-guide/integrations/users/openid.md) or [Keycloak](developer-guide/integrations/users/keycloak.md) .
```

* Select the **GS Instance**: choose from the available GeoServer instances

!!! Warning

>     The *GS Instance* option is available if more than one instance is configured, see the [GeoServer Instances](rule-manager.md#geoserver-instances) section.<br>

Author: @tdipisa No, I also added the line-break function. It probably doesn’t like it, so I’ll remove it.
